## Abstracts for papers published today <sub>오늘 게재된 논문의 요약문 (abstract)</sub>

> Abstracts are given by PubMed, but with a few exceptions, for which please follow corresponding url. <br />
 요약문 (abstract)은 PubMed에서 부재할 경우 'none'로 표시. 그 경우 자세한 내용은 각 논문 url을 확인하세요.  
 
- **2020-03-01, Sohrabi et al., [World Health Organization declares Global Emergency: A review of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19).](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32112977), *International journal of surgery (London, England)*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; An unprecedented outbreak of pneumonia of unknown aetiology in Wuhan City, Hubei province in China emerged in December of 2019. A novel coronavirus was identified as the causative agent and was subsequently termed COVID-19 by the World Health Organization (WHO). Considered a relative of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), COVID-19 is a betacoronavirus that affects the lower respiratory tract and manifests as pneumonia in humans. Despite rigorous global containment and quarantine efforts, the incidence of COVID-19 continues to rise, with 50,580 laboratory-confirmed cases and 1,526 deaths worldwide. In response to this global outbreak, we summarise the current state of knowledge surrounding COVID-19. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Carinci et al., [Covid-19: preparedness, decentralisation, and the hunt for patient zero.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32111645), *BMJ (Clinical research ed.)*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Several recent case reports have described common early chest imaging findings of lung pathology caused by 2019 novel Coronavirus (SARS-COV2) which appear to be similar to those seen previously in SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV infected patients.
We present some remarkable imaging findings of the first two patients identified in Italy with COVID-19 infection travelling from Wuhan, China. The follow-up with chest X-Rays and CT scans was also included, showing a progressive adult respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS).
Moderate to severe progression of the lung infiltrates, with increasing percentage of high-density infiltrates sustained by a bilateral and multi-segmental extension of lung opacities, were seen. During the follow-up, apart from pleural effusions, a tubular and enlarged appearance of pulmonary vessels with a sudden caliber reduction was seen, mainly found in the dichotomic tracts, where the center of a new insurgent pulmonary lesion was seen. It could be an early alert radiological sign to predict initial lung deterioration. Another uncommon element was the presence of mediastinal lymphadenopathy with short-axis oval nodes.
Although only two patients have been studied, these findings are consistent with the radiological pattern described in literature. Finally, the pulmonary vessels enlargement in areas where new lung infiltrates develop in the follow-up CT scan, could describe an early predictor radiological sign of lung impairment. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Chen et al., [A mathematical model for simulating the phase-based transmissibility of a novel coronavirus.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32111262), *Infectious diseases of poverty*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Since the first case of a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) infection pneumonia was detected in Wuhan, China, a series of confirmed cases of the COVID-19 were found in Beijing. We analyzed the data of 262 confirmed cases to determine the clinical and epidemiological characteristics of COVID-19 in Beijing.
We collected patients who were transferred by Beijing Emergency Medical Sevice to the designated hospitals. The information on demographic, epidemiological, clinical, laboratory test for the COVID-19 virus, diagnostic classification, cluster case and outcome were obtained. Furthermore we compared the characteristics between severe and common confirmed cases which including mild cases, no-pneumonia cases and asymptomatic cases, and we also compared the features between COVID-19 and 2003 SARS.
By Feb 10, 2020, 262 patients were transferred from the hospitals across Beijing to the designated hospitals for special treatment of the COVID-19 infected by Beijing emergency medical service. Among of 262 patients, 46 (17.6%) were severe cases, 216 (82.4%) were common cases, which including 192 (73.3%) mild cases, 11(4.2%) non-pneumonia cases and 13 (5.0%) asymptomatic cases respectively. The median age of patients was 47.5 years old and 48.5% were male. 192 (73.3%) patients were residents of Beijing, 50 (26.0%) of which had been to Wuhan, 116 (60.4%) had close contact with confirmed cases, 21 (10.9%) had no contact history. The most common symptoms at the onset of illness were fever (82.1%), cough (45.8%), fatigue (26.3%), dyspnea (6.9%) and headache (6.5%). The median incubation period was 6.7 days, the interval time from between illness onset and seeing a doctor was 4.5 days. As of Feb 10, 17.2% patients have discharged and 81.7% patients remain in hospital in our study, the fatality of COVID-19 infection in Beijing was 0.9%.
On the basis of this study, we provided the ratio of the COVID-19 infection on the severe cases to the mild, asymptomatic and non-pneumonia cases in Beijing. Population was generally susceptible, and with a relatively low fatality rate. The measures to prevent transmission was very successful at early stage, the next steps on the COVID-19 infection should be focused on early isolation of patients and quarantine for close contacts in families and communities in Beijing.
Beijing Municipal Science and Technology Commission and Ministry of Science and Technology. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Fu et al., [Simulating and Forecasting the Cumulative Confirmed Cases of SARS-CoV-2 in China by Boltzmann Function-based Regression Analyses.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32112887), *The Journal of infection*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Little is known about COVID-19 outside Hubei. The aim of this paper was to describe the clinical characteristics and imaging manifestations of hospitalized patients with confirmed COVID-19 infection in Wenzhou, Zhejiang, China.
In this retrospective cohort study, 149 RT-PCR confirmed positive patients were consecutively enrolled from January 17th to February 10th, 2020 in three tertiary hospitals of Wenzhou. Outcomes were followed up until Feb 15th, 2020.
A total of 85 patients had Hubei travel/residence history, while another 49 had contact with people from Hubei and 15 had no traceable exposure history to Hubei. Fever, cough and expectoration were the most common symptoms, 14 patients had decreased oxygen saturation, 33 had leukopenia, 53 had lymphopenia, and 82 had elevated C reactive protein. On chest computed tomography, lung segments 6 and 10 were mostly involved. A total of 287 segments presented ground glass opacity, 637 presented mixed opacity and 170 presented consolidation. Lesions were more localized in the peripheral lung with a patchy form. No significant difference was found between patients with or without Hubei exposure history. Seventeen patients had normal CT on admission of these, 12 had negative findings even10 days later.
Most patients presented with a mild infection in our study. The imaging pattern of multifocal peripheral ground glass or mixed opacity with predominance in the lower lung is highly suspicious of COVID-19 in the first week of disease onset. Nevetheless, some patients can present with a normal chest finding despite testing positive for COVID-19.
We did not receive any fundings. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Cai et al., [A Case Series of children with 2019 novel coronavirus infection: clinical and epidemiological features.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32112072), *Clinical infectious diseases : an official publication of the Infectious Diseases Society of America*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Pang et al., [Potential Rapid Diagnostics, Vaccine and Therapeutics for 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV): A Systematic Review.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32110875), *Journal of clinical medicine*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Li et al., [[The keypoints in treatment of the critical coronavirus disease 2019 patient].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32111113), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Since the outbreak of novel coronavirus pneumonia in December 2019, the diagnosis and treatment of patients with cancer have been facing great challenges. Although oncologists are not fighting on the front line to against the epidemic, during this special period, we should not only protect patients, their families and medical staff from the infection of novel Coronavirus, but also minimize the impact of the epidemic on the diagnosis and the treatment of patients with cancer. Combining the guidelines for diagnosis and treatment of tumors with our clinical experience, in this epidemic period, we discuss the strategies for diagnosis, treatment, and follow-up of malignant tumors of the digestive system in this article.
自2019年12月新型冠状病毒肺炎疫情暴发以来，肿瘤患者的诊治面临很大的挑战。肿瘤专科医师虽然未亲临抗击疫情的一线，但是在这个特殊的时期，不仅需要兼顾患者及其家属和医护人员的健康安全，还要最大程度降低因疫情对肿瘤诊治产生的影响。文章结合肿瘤诊疗指南和笔者的临床经验，对疫情期间消化系统肿瘤的诊断、治疗和随访策略进行探讨，以供读者参考。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Ma et al., [[Recommendations for the regulation of medical practices of burn treatment during the outbreak of the coronavirus disease 2019].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32111114), *Zhonghua shao shang za zhi = Zhonghua shaoshang zazhi = Chinese journal of burns*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; The outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19; formally known as 2019-nCoV) has become a most challenging health emergency. Owing to rigorous quarantine and control measures taken in China, routine neonatal health surveillance and follow-up have become challenging. Without follow-up surveillance, some rapid and progressive newborn diseases, such as bilirubin encephalopathy, may be ignored. The characteristics of onset age of kernicterus suggest that monitoring of bilirubin level at home provides a useful way to alert hospital visits and to prevent the development of extremely hyperbilirubinemia. Therefore, we developed an online follow-up program for convenient monitoring of bilirubin level of newborns that is based on our practical experiences. The aim is to make our management strategies of neonatal jaundice tailored to the infection prevention and control during the COVID-19 epidemic. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Lee et al., [Wuhan novel coronavirus (COVID-19): why global control is challenging?](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32111295), *Public health*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; A well 6-month-old infant with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) had persistently positive nasopharyngeal swabs to day 16 of admission. This case highlights the difficulties in establishing the true incidence of COVID-19 as asymptomatic individuals can excrete the virus. These patients may play important roles in human-to-human transmission in the community. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Huang et al., [2019 novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Taiwan: Reports of two cases from Wuhan, China.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32111449), *Journal of microbiology, immunology, and infection = Wei mian yu gan ran za zhi*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Albarello et al., [2019-novel Coronavirus severe adult respiratory distress syndrome in two cases in Italy: An uncommon radiological presentation.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32112966), *International journal of infectious diseases : IJID : official publication of the International Society for Infectious Diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Watkins et al., [Preventing a covid-19 pandemic.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32111649), *BMJ (Clinical research ed.)*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Ahmad et al., [COVID-19: Zoonotic aspects.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32112857), *Travel medicine and infectious disease*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; We reported two cases with community-acquired pneumonia caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) who returned from Wuhan, China in January, 2020. The reported cases highlight non-specific clinical presentations of 2019 novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) as well as the importance of rapid laboratory-based diagnosis. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Tian et al., [Characteristics of COVID-19 infection in Beijing.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32112886), *The Journal of infection*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Yang et al., [Clinical characteristics and imaging manifestations of the 2019 novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19):A multi-center study in Wenzhou city, Zhejiang, China.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32112884), *The Journal of infection*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is one of the beta coronaviruses and was identified as the pathogen of the severe "coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19)" in 2019. China has formally included the 2019-nCoV in the statutory notification and control system for infectious diseases according to the 
新型冠状病毒属于β属的冠状病毒，是导致2019年严重疫情——新型冠状病毒肺炎暴发的元凶。我国也已经正式将新型冠状病毒肺炎纳入《中华人民共和国传染病防治法》规定的乙类传染病，并按甲类传染病进行管理。目前仍是新型冠状病毒肺炎疫情防控的关键时期，作为急诊科室的烧伤科面临着严峻的风险。为提高患者救治率，避免或减少医务人员感染，笔者依据国家最新发布的《新型冠状病毒肺炎诊疗方案（试行第六版）》，结合国内外最新的文献资料，根据新型冠状病毒肺炎基本特性和国家卫生健康委员会关于新型冠状病毒肺炎的防治建议，并参考兄弟学科的诊疗管理经验，在门急诊、住院治疗、手术及病区管理等方面提出指导新型冠状病毒肺炎疫情期间烧伤科诊疗工作的建议，希望对烧伤救治同道们和相关医院管理者有所裨益。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Moberly et al., [Covid-19: school closures and bans on mass gatherings will need to be considered, says Englands CMO.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32111656), *BMJ (Clinical research ed.)*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; The treatment of critically ill patients with coronavirus disease 2019(COVID-19) faces compelling challenges. In this issue, we'd like to share our first-line treatment experience in treating COVID-19. Hemodynamics need be closely monitored and different types of shock should be distinguished. Vasoconstrictor drugs should be used rationally and alerting of complications is of the same importance. The risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) needs to be assessed, and effective prevention should be carried out for high-risk patients. It is necessary to consider the possibility of pulmonary thromboembolism (PTE) in patients with sudden onset of oxygenation deterioration, respiratory distress, reduced blood pressure. However, comprehensive analysis of disease state should be taken into the interpretation of abnormally elevated D-Dimer. Nutritional support is the basis of treatment. It's important to establish individual therapy regimens and to evaluate, monitor and adjust dynamically. Under the current epidemic situation, convalescent plasma can only be used empirically, indications need to be strictly screened, the blood transfusion process should be closely monitored and the curative effect should be dynamically evaluated.
新型冠状病毒肺炎（coronavirus disease 2019，COVID-19）危重型患者的救治面临严峻挑战。循环状态需严密监测并鉴别不同类型的休克，合理应用血管收缩药物，警惕并发症。评估静脉血栓栓塞症（VTE）风险，高危者需实施有效预防，对突然出现氧合恶化、呼吸窘迫、血压下降等临床表现者需警惕肺血栓栓塞症（PTE）的发生，但对D-二聚体异常增高的解读需结合疾病的严重状态综合分析。营养支持作为基础治疗手段，应制定个体化营养方案，评估并动态调整。当前疫情下，恢复期血浆只能经验性应用，适应证需严格把控，输血过程中严密监测并动态评估疗效。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Gallego et al., [The COVID-19 outbreak and implications for the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympic Games.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32112859), *Travel medicine and infectious disease*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; The initial cluster of severe pneumonia cases that triggered the COVID-19 epidemic was identified in Wuhan, China in December 2019. While early cases of the disease were linked to a wet market, human-to-human transmission has driven the rapid spread of the virus throughout China. The Chinese government has implemented containment strategies of city-wide lockdowns, screening at airports and train stations, and isolation of suspected patients; however, the cumulative case count keeps growing every day. The ongoing outbreak presents a challenge for modelers, as limited data are available on the early growth trajectory, and the epidemiological characteristics of the novel coronavirus are yet to be fully elucidated. We use phenomenological models that have been validated during previous outbreaks to generate and assess short-term forecasts of the cumulative number of confirmed reported cases in Hubei province, the epicenter of the epidemic, and for the overall trajectory in China, excluding the province of Hubei. We collect daily reported cumulative confirmed cases for the 2019-nCoV outbreak for each Chinese province from the National Health Commission of China. Here, we provide 5, 10, and 15 day forecasts for five consecutive days, February 5th through February 9th, with quantified uncertainty based on a generalized logistic growth model, the Richards growth model, and a sub-epidemic wave model. Our most recent forecasts reported here, based on data up until February 9, 2020, largely agree across the three models presented and suggest an average range of 7409-7496 additional confirmed cases in Hubei and 1128-1929 additional cases in other provinces within the next five days. Models also predict an average total cumulative case count between 37,415 and 38,028 in Hubei and 11,588-13,499 in other provinces by February 24, 2020. Mean estimates and uncertainty bounds for both Hubei and other provinces have remained relatively stable in the last three reporting dates (February 7th - 9th). We also observe that each of the models predicts that the epidemic has reached saturation in both Hubei and other provinces. Our findings suggest that the containment strategies implemented in China are successfully reducing transmission and that the epidemic growth has slowed in recent days. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Zhang et al., [[Medical diagnosis and treatment strategies for malignant tumors of the digestive system during the outbreak of novel coronavirus pneumonia].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32112549), *Zhonghua zhong liu za zhi [Chinese journal of oncology]*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; To investigate the clinical and imaging characteristics of computed tomography (CT) in novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP) caused by SARS-CoV-2.
A retrospective analysis was performed on the imaging findings of patients confirmed with COVID-19 pneumonia who had chest CT scanning and treatment after disease onset. The clinical and imaging data were analyzed.
Fifty patients were enrolled, including mild type in nine, common in 28, severe in 10 and critically severe in the rest three. Mild patients (29 years) were significantly (P<0.03) younger than either common (44.5 years) or severe (54.7) and critically severe (65.7 years) patients, and common patients were also significantly (P<0.03) younger than severe and critically severe patients. Mild patients had low to moderate fever (<39.1°C), 49 (98%) patients had normal or slightly reduced leukocyte count, 14 (28%) had decreased counts of lymphocytes, and 26 (52%) patients had increased C-reactive protein. Nine mild patients were negative in CT imaging. For all the other types of NCP, the lesion was in the right upper lobe in 30 cases, right middle lobe in 22, right lower lobe in 39, left upper lobe in 33 and left lower lobe in 36. The lesion was primarily located in the peripheral area under the pleura with possible extension towards the pulmonary hilum. Symmetrical lesions were seen in 26 cases and asymmetrical in 15. The density of lesion was mostly uneven with ground glass opacity as the primary presentation accompanied by partial consolidation and fibrosis.
CT imaging presentations of NCP are mostly patchy ground glass opacities in the peripheral areas under the pleura with partial consolidation which will be absorbed with formation of fibrotic stripes if improved. CT scanning provides important bases for early diagnosis and treatment of NCP. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Ma et al., [Management strategies of neonatal jaundice during the coronavirus disease 2019 outbreak.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32112336), *World journal of pediatrics : WJP*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-01, Kam et al., [A Well Infant with Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) with High Viral Load.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32112082), *Clinical infectious diseases : an official publication of the Infectious Diseases Society of America*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; We aimed to report the clinical characteristics of imported coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19) in Jiangsu Province.
We retrospectively investigated the clinical, imaging, and laboratory characteristics of confirmed cases of COVID-19 with WHO interim guidance in three Grade ⅢA hospitals of Jiangsu from Jan 22 to Feb 14, 2020. Real time RT-PCR was used to detect the new coronavirus in respiratory samples.
Of the 80 patients infected with COVID-19, 41 patients were female, with a median age of 46.1 years. Except for 3 severe patients, the rest of the 77 patients exhibited mild or moderate symptoms. 9 patients were unconfirmed until a third-time nucleic acid test. 38 cases had a history of chronic diseases. The main clinical manifestations of the patients were fever and cough, which accounted for 63 cases (78.75%) and 51 cases (-63.75%) respectively. Only 3 patients (3.75%) showed liver dysfunction. Imaging examination showed that 55 patients (-68.75%) showed abnormal, 25 cases (31.25%) had no abnormal density shadow in the parenchyma of both lungs. Up to now, 21 cases were discharged from the hospital, and no patient died. The average length of stay for discharged patients was 8 days.
Compared with the cases in Wuhan, the cases in Jiangsu exhibited mild or moderate symptoms and no obvious gender susceptivity. The proportion of patients having liver dysfunction and abnormal CT imaging was relatively lower than that of Wuhan. Notably, infected patients may be falsely excluded based on two consecutively negative respiratory pathogenic nucleic acid test results. 
 <br><br> 
