## Abstracts for papers published today <sub>오늘 게재된 논문의 요약문 (abstract)</sub>

> Abstracts are given by PubMed, but with a few exceptions, for which please follow corresponding url. <br />
 요약문 (abstract)은 PubMed에서 부재할 경우 'none'로 표시. 그 경우 자세한 내용은 각 논문 url을 확인하세요.  
 
- **2020-03-14, Fan et al. et al., [Epidemiology of 2019 Novel Coronavirus Disease-19 in Gansu Province, China, 2020.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32168465), *Emerging infectious diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; To determine the epidemiology of 2019 novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in a remote region of China, far from Wuhan, we analyzed the epidemiology of COVID-19 in Gansu Province. From January 23 through February 3, 2020, a total of 35 (64.8%) of 54 reported cases were imported from COVID-19-epidemic areas. Characteristics that differed significantly during the first and second waves of illness in Gansu Province were mean patient age, occupation, having visited epidemic areas, and mode of transportation. Time from infection to illness onset for family clusters was shorter in Gansu Province than in Wuhan, consistent with shortened durations from onset to first medical visit or hospitalization. Spatial distribution pattern analysis indicated hot spots and spatial outliers in Gansu Province. As a result of adequate interventions, transmission of the COVID-19 virus in Gansu Province is decreasing. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Mahase et al. et al., [Covid-19: WHO declares pandemic because of "alarming levels" of spread, severity, and inaction.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32165426), *BMJ (Clinical research ed.)*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Since December 2019, when the first case of 2019 novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) was identified in the city of Wuhan in the Hubei Province of China, the epidemic has generated tens of thousands of cases throughout China. As of February 28, 2020, the cumulative number of reported deaths in China was 2,858. We estimated the time-delay adjusted risk for death from COVID-19 in Wuhan, as well as for China excluding Wuhan, to assess the severity of the epidemic in the country. Our estimates of the risk for death in Wuhan reached values as high as 12% in the epicenter of the epidemic and ≈1% in other, more mildly affected areas. The elevated death risk estimates are probably associated with a breakdown of the healthcare system, indicating that enhanced public health interventions, including social distancing and movement restrictions, should be implemented to bring the COVID-19 epidemic under control. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Rimmer et al. et al., [Covid-19: GPs call for appraisals and CQC inspections to be suspended.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32165414), *BMJ (Clinical research ed.)*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; We estimated the case-fatality risk for 2019 novel coronavirus disease cases in China (3.5%); China, excluding Hubei Province (0.8%); 82 countries, territories, and areas (4.2%); and on a cruise ship (0.6%). Lower estimates might be closest to the true value, but a broad range of 0.25%-3.0% probably should be considered. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Sah et al. et al., [Complete Genome Sequence of a 2019 Novel Coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) Strain Isolated in Nepal.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32165386), *Microbiology resource announcements*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Novel coronavirus has become a global health hazard and its high infectivity is alarming. The imaging findings of the 2019-nCoV infection in our young diabetic patient featured ground-glass opacities and consolidations in both lungs. The lung lesions may involute rapidly during the course. The patient showed improvement both clinically and on computed tomography imaging at discharged after 2 weeks'treatment. Computed tomography scans of patients helped monitor the changes continuously, which could timely provide the information of the evolution of the disease or therapeutic effect to clinicians. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Greenhalgh et al. et al., [Video consultations for covid-19.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32165352), *BMJ (Clinical research ed.)*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Ebrahim et al. et al., [COVID-19 - the role of mass gatherings.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32165283), *Travel medicine and infectious disease*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp;  
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Qu et al. et al., [Atypical lung feature on chest CT in a lung adenocarcinoma cancer patient infected with COVID-19.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32165205), *Annals of oncology : official journal of the European Society for Medical Oncology*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; The recent outbreak of coronavirus infectious disease 2019 (COVID-19) has gripped the world with apprehension and has evoked a scare of epic proportion regarding its potential to spread and infect humans worldwide. As we are in the midst of an ongoing pandemic of COVID-19, scientists are struggling to understand how it resembles and differs from the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) at the genomic and transcriptomic level. In a short time following the outbreak, it has been shown that, similar to SARS-CoV, COVID-19 virus exploits the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptor to gain entry inside the cells. This finding raises the curiosity of investigating the expression of ACE2 in neurological tissue and determining the possible contribution of neurological tissue damage to the morbidity and mortality caused by COIVD-19. Here, we investigate the density of the expression levels of ACE2 in the CNS, the host-virus interaction and relate it to the pathogenesis and complications seen in the recent cases resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak. Also, we debate the need for a model for staging COVID-19 based on neurological tissue involvement. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Tahiri Joutei Hassani et al. et al., [[The novel coronavirus Covid-19: What are the ophthalmic risks?]](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32165057), *Journal francais d'ophtalmologie*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Zhou et al. et al., [COVID-19 with spontaneous pneumomediastinum.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164830), *The Lancet. Infectious diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, He et al. et al., [What further should be done to control COVID-19 outbreaks in addition to cases isolation and contact tracing measures?](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164708), *BMC medicine*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Chan et al. et al., [COVID-19: An Update on the Epidemiological, Clinical, Preventive and Therapeutic Evidence and Guidelines of Integrative Chinese-Western Medicine for the Management of 2019 Novel Coronavirus Disease.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164424), *The American journal of Chinese medicine*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an emerging infectious disease that was first reported in Wuhan, China, and has subsequently spread worldwide. Risk factors for the clinical outcomes of COVID-19 pneumonia have not yet been well delineated.
To describe the clinical characteristics and outcomes in patients with COVID-19 pneumonia who developed acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) or died.
Retrospective cohort study of 201 patients with confirmed COVID-19 pneumonia admitted to Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital in China between December 25, 2019, and January 26, 2020. The final date of follow-up was February 13, 2020.
Confirmed COVID-19 pneumonia.
The development of ARDS and death. Epidemiological, demographic, clinical, laboratory, management, treatment, and outcome data were also collected and analyzed.
Of 201 patients, the median age was 51 years (interquartile range, 43-60 years), and 128 (63.7%) patients were men. Eighty-four patients (41.8%) developed ARDS, and of those 84 patients, 44 (52.4%) died. In those who developed ARDS, compared with those who did not, more patients presented with dyspnea (50 of 84 [59.5%] patients and 30 of 117 [25.6%] patients, respectively [difference, 33.9%; 95% CI, 19.7%-48.1%]) and had comorbidities such as hypertension (23 of 84 [27.4%] patients and 16 of 117 [13.7%] patients, respectively [difference, 13.7%; 95% CI, 1.3%-26.1%]) and diabetes (16 of 84 [19.0%] patients and 6 of 117 [5.1%] patients, respectively [difference, 13.9%; 95% CI, 3.6%-24.2%]). In bivariate Cox regression analysis, risk factors associated with the development of ARDS and progression from ARDS to death included older age (hazard ratio [HR], 3.26; 95% CI 2.08-5.11; and HR, 6.17; 95% CI, 3.26-11.67, respectively), neutrophilia (HR, 1.14; 95% CI, 1.09-1.19; and HR, 1.08; 95% CI, 1.01-1.17, respectively), and organ and coagulation dysfunction (eg, higher lactate dehydrogenase [HR, 1.61; 95% CI, 1.44-1.79; and HR, 1.30; 95% CI, 1.11-1.52, respectively] and D-dimer [HR, 1.03; 95% CI, 1.01-1.04; and HR, 1.02; 95% CI, 1.01-1.04, respectively]). High fever (≥39 °C) was associated with higher likelihood of ARDS development (HR, 1.77; 95% CI, 1.11-2.84) and lower likelihood of death (HR, 0.41; 95% CI, 0.21-0.82). Among patients with ARDS, treatment with methylprednisolone decreased the risk of death (HR, 0.38; 95% CI, 0.20-0.72).
Older age was associated with greater risk of development of ARDS and death likely owing to less rigorous immune response. Although high fever was associated with the development of ARDS, it was also associated with better outcomes among patients with ARDS. Moreover, treatment with methylprednisolone may be beneficial for patients who develop ARDS. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Guo et al. et al., [[COVID-19 Pandemic: global epidemiological trends and Chinas subsequent preparedness and responses].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164401), *Zhonghua liu xing bing xue za zhi = Zhonghua liuxingbingxue zazhi*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Dong et al. et al., [[Epidemiological characteristics of confirmed COVID-19 cases in Tianjin].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164400), *Zhonghua liu xing bing xue za zhi = Zhonghua liuxingbingxue zazhi*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Sun et al. et al., [[Inhibitors of RAS Might Be a Good Choice for the Therapy of COVID-19 Pneumonia].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164092), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Zhang et al. et al., [[Clinical features of 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia in the early stage from a fever clinic in Beijing].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164091), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Previous meta-analyses concluded that there was insufficient evidence to determine the effect of N95 respirators. We aimed to assess the effectiveness of N95 respirators versus surgical masks for prevention of influenza by collecting randomized controlled trials (RCTs).
We searched PubMed, EMbase and The Cochrane Library from the inception to January 27, 2020 to identify relevant systematic reviews. The RCTs included in systematic reviews were identified. Then we searched the latest published RCTs from the above three databases and searched ClinicalTrials.gov for unpublished RCTs. Two reviewers independently extracted the data and assessed risk of bias. Meta-analyses were conducted to calculate pooled estimates by using RevMan 5.3 software.
A total of six RCTs involving 9 171 participants were included. There were no statistically significant differences in preventing laboratory-confirmed influenza (RR = 1.09, 95% CI 0.92-1.28, P > .05), laboratory-confirmed respiratory viral infections (RR = 0.89, 95% CI 0.70-1.11), laboratory-confirmed respiratory infection (RR = 0.74, 95% CI 0.42-1.29) and influenzalike illness (RR = 0.61, 95% CI 0.33-1.14) using N95 respirators and surgical masks. Meta-analysis indicated a protective effect of N95 respirators against laboratory-confirmed bacterial colonization (RR = 0.58, 95% CI 0.43-0.78).
The use of N95 respirators compared with surgical masks is not associated with a lower risk of laboratory-confirmed influenza. It suggests that N95 respirators should not be recommended for general public and nonhigh-risk medical staff those are not in close contact with influenza patients or suspected patients. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Chen et al. et al., [[Analysis of clinical features of 29 patients with 2019 novel coronavirus pneumonia].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164089), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; With an increasing number of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) cases outside of Hubei, emergency departments (EDs) and fever clinics are facing challenges posed by the large number of admissions of patients suspected to have COVID-19. Therefore, it is of crucial importance to study the initial clinical features of patients, to better differentiate between infected and uninfected patients outside Hubei.
A total of 116 patients suspected of having COVID-19 who presented to two emergency departments in Anhui for the first time between 24 January 2020 and 20 February 2020 were enrolled in the study. The initial clinical data of these patients, such as epidemiological features, symptoms, laboratory results, and chest computed tomography findings were collected using a standard case report form on admission.
Thirty-two patients were diagnosed with COVID-19; the remaining 84 patients were referred to as negative cases. The median age of the diagnosed patients was 46 years, but only 35 years for negative cases. History of exposure to Wuhan or COVID-19 patients in the previous 2 weeks was observed in 63% of the diagnosed and 44% of negative cases. Median time from illness onset to ED admission was 5 days for all patients, diagnosed patients, and negative cases, respectively. Fever was observed in 27 (84%) and 57 (68%) diagnosed and negative cases, respectively. Nineteen (59%) diagnosed and 24 (29%) negative cases had lymphopenia on admission in ED. A chest CT scan on admission revealed the presence of pneumonia in the majority of the diagnosed patients (30 out of 32, 94%) and in 56 (67%) negative cases. Bilateral involvement and ground-glass opacity (GGO) were present in 91% and 47% of the diagnosed patients.
The initial clinical features of patients suspected of having COVID-19 in EDs outside Hubei were relatively mild. Meanwhile, diagnosed patients without definite exposure history tend to show more atypical initial clinical features in ED. No initial clinical feature was found to be specific to diagnosed patients, which could allow for early clinical diagnosis of COVID-19 in EDs. We recommend strict medical observation and quarantine of all patients suspected of having COVID-19, either in the ED itself or in a dedicated quarantine facility, irrespective of initial clinical features, especially in under-resourced regions without access to rapid nucleic acid amplification tests. This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Not retrieved et al., [[Expert consensus for bronchoscopy during the epidemic of 2019 novel coronavirus infection (Trial version)].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164088), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Starting around December 2019, an epidemic of pneumonia, which was named COVID-19 by World Health Organization (WHO), broke out in Wuhan, China, and is spreading throughout the world. A new coronavirus, named SARS-CoV-2 by the Coronavirus Study Group of the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses (ICTV) was soon found to be the cause. At present, the sensitivity of clinical nucleic acid detection is limited, and it is still unclear whether it is related to genetic variation. In this study, we retrieved 95 full-length genomic sequences of SARAS-CoV-2 strains from the NCBI and GISAID databases, established the reference sequence by conducting multiple sequence alignment and phylogenetic analyses, and analyzed sequence variations along the SARS-CoV-2 genome. The homology among all viral strains was generally high, among them 99.99% (99.91%-100%) at the nucleotide level, 99.99% (99.79%-100%) at the amino acid level. Although overall variation in ORF regions is low, 13 variation sites in 1a, 1b, S, 3a, M, 8, and N regions were identified, among which positions nt28144 in ORF 8 and nt8782 in ORF 1a showed mutation rate of 30.53% (29/95) and 29.47% (28/95) respectively. These findings suggested that there may be selective mutations in SARS-COV-2, and it is necessary to avoid certain regions when designing primers and probes. Establishment of the reference sequence for SARS-CoV-2 could benefit not only biological study of this virus but also diagnosis, clinical monitoring and intervention of SARS-CoV-2 infection in the future. This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Not retrieved et al., [[Expert consensus on chloroquine phosphate for the treatment of novel coronavirus pneumonia].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164085), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; An outbreak of corona virus disease 2019 (COVID-19) occurred in Wuhan and it has rapidly spread to almost all parts of the world. For coronaviruses, RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp) is an important protease that catalyze the replication of RNA from RNA template and is an attractive therapeutic target. In this study, we screened these chemical structures from traditional Chinese medicinal compounds proven to show anti-viral activity in SARS-CoV and the similar chemical structures through a molecular docking study to target RdRp of SARS-CoV-2, SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV. We found that theaflavin has a lower idock score in the catalytic pocket of RdRp in SARS-CoV-2 (-9.11 kcal/mol), SARS-CoV (-8.03 kcal/mol) and MERS-CoV (-8.26 kcal/mol) from idock. To confirm the result, we discovered that theaflavin has a lower binding energy of -8.8 kcal/mol when it docks in the catalytic pocket of SARS-CoV-2 RdRp by using the Blind Docking server. Regarding contact modes, hydrophobic interactions contribute significantly in binding and additional hydrogen bonds were found between theaflavin and RdRp. Moreover, one π-cation interaction was formed between theaflavin and Arg553 from the Blind Docking server. Our results suggest that theaflavin could be potential SARS-CoV-2 RdRp inhibitor for further study. This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Zhao et al. et al., [[Expert consensus on the use of corticosteroid in patients with 2019-nCoV pneumonia].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164084), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; The city of Wuhan, Hubei province, China, was the origin of a severe pneumonia outbreak in December 2019, attributed to a novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV2), causing a total of 2761 deaths and 81109 cases (February 25, 2020). SARS-CoV2 belongs to genus Betacoronavirus, subgenus Sarbecovirus. The polyprotein 1ab (pp1ab) remains unstudied thoroughly since it is similar to other sarbecoviruses. In this short communication, we performed phylogenetic-structural sequence analysis of pp1ab protein of SARS-CoV2. The analysis showed that the viral pp1ab has not changed in most isolates throughout the outbreak time, but interestingly a deletion of 8 aa in the virulence factor non-structural protein 1 was found in a virus isolated from a Japanese patient that did not display critical symptoms. While comparing pp1ab protein with other betacoronaviruses, we found a 42 amino acid signature that is only present in SARS-CoV2 (AS-SCoV2). Members from clade 2 of sarbecoviruses have traces of this signature. The AS-SCoV2 located in the acidic-domain of papain-like protein of SARS-CoV2 and bat-SL-RatG13 guided us to suggest that the novel 2019 coronavirus probably emerged by genetic drift from bat-SL-CoV-RaTG13. The implication of this amino acid signature in papain-like protein structure arrangement and function is something worth to be explored. This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Yang et al. et al., [[Pulmonary rehabilitation guidelines in the principle of 4S for patients infected with 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV)].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164083), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; A new coronavirus, referred to as SARS-CoV-2, is responsible for the recent outbreak of severe respiratory disease. This outbreak first detected in Wuhan, China in December 2019, has spread to other regions of China and to 25 other countries as of January, 2020. It has been known since the 2003 SARS epidemic that the receptor critical for SARS-CoV entry into host cells is the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2). The S1 domain of the spike protein of SARS-CoV attaches the virus to its cellular receptor ACE2 on the host cells. We thought that it is timely to explain the connection between the SARS-CoV, SARS-CoV-2, ACE2 and the rationale for soluble ACE2 as a potential therapy. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Yuan et al. et al., [[Respiratory support for severe 2019-nCoV pneumonia suffering from acute respiratory failure: time and strategy].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164082), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Despite multiple importations resulting in local chains of transmission, Singapore has been able to control the COVID-19 outbreak without major disruption to daily living. In this article, we describe the combination of measures taken by Singapore to contain COVID-19 and share some early lessons learnt from the experience. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Du et al. et al., [[Pharmacotherapeutics for the new coronavirus pneumonia].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164081), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is raging in China, especially in Hubei Province, which has resulted great dangers in people's life and national economy. According to the guidelines drafted by China's Center for Disease prevention and Control (CDC), the positive nucleic acid test is need to the diagnosis of patient with COVID-19. Upper respiratory tract specimens are the main sources for nucleic acid detection. However, based on international guidelines of COVID-19 , no recommended level of upper respiratory tract sampling method is proposed. Therefore, which kind of sampling methods should be chosen to help the COVID-19 diagnosis and which way is the most secure for doctors and nurses is our concern. In this review, we analyzed a total of 10 literatures on the sampling methods of upper respiratory tract related to infectious diseases such as severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS), middle east respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS), and influenza A (H1N1), which were spread worldwide in past years. Literatures were collected from the three dimensions of sampling method, sampling time, and sampling safety. It was found that among all the upper respiratory sampling methods, nasopharyngeal aspirate (NPA) had a higher positive rate within 2 weeks of symptom onset, while combined nasal and oropharyngeal swabs (NS + OPS) was the least harmful to medical staff during sampling. We wish this review is helpful for the prevention of COVID-19.
新型冠状病毒肺炎正在中国肆虐，特别是在湖北武汉，对人民生命健康和经济造成了极大的损失。根据中国疾病预防控制中心（Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention，CDC）指南，新型冠状病毒肺炎患者的确诊及治愈均需核酸检测结果确认。上呼吸道取样方法是核酸检测的主要样本来源，但在各国CDC发布的指南中只提出了上呼吸道取样方法，并未提出推荐级别。因此，患者就诊时该选择怎样的取样方法、何种取样方法医护人员的安全性最高成为我们关注的问题。本文对近年来世界范围内流行的严重急性呼吸综合征（SARS）、中东呼吸综合征（MERS）、甲型H1N1流感等传染性疾病相关上呼吸道取样方法研究共10篇文献进行了综述。从取样方法、取样时间、医护人员安全性3个维度整理了收集的文献，发现在所有上呼吸道取样方法中，鼻咽抽取物（NPA）在发病2周内具有较高的阳性率，鼻腔+口咽联合拭子（NS+OPS）对取样操作的医务人员危害最小。期望本综述能对此次疫情的防控提供一些参考。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Li et al. et al., [[Potential antiviral therapeutics for 2019 Novel Coronavirus].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164080), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; There is a new public health crises threatening the world with the emergence and spread of 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) or the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The virus originated in bats and was transmitted to humans through yet unknown intermediary animals in Wuhan, Hubei province, China in December 2019. There have been around 96,000 reported cases of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-2019) and 3300 reported deaths to date (05/03/2020). The disease is transmitted by inhalation or contact with infected droplets and the incubation period ranges from 2 to 14 d. The symptoms are usually fever, cough, sore throat, breathlessness, fatigue, malaise among others. The disease is mild in most people; in some (usually the elderly and those with comorbidities), it may progress to pneumonia, acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and multi organ dysfunction. Many people are asymptomatic. The case fatality rate is estimated to range from 2 to 3%. Diagnosis is by demonstration of the virus in respiratory secretions by special molecular tests. Common laboratory findings include normal/ low white cell counts with elevated C-reactive protein (CRP). The computerized tomographic chest scan is usually abnormal even in those with no symptoms or mild disease. Treatment is essentially supportive; role of antiviral agents is yet to be established. Prevention entails home isolation of suspected cases and those with mild illnesses and strict infection control measures at hospitals that include contact and droplet precautions. The virus spreads faster than its two ancestors the SARS-CoV and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV), but has lower fatality. The global impact of this new epidemic is yet uncertain. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Zhou et al. et al., [[Early detection and disease assessment of patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164079), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; The COVID-19 caused by a novel strain of Coronavirus has been spreading rapidly since its onset in Wuhan, the capital city of central China's Hubei Province, in December 2019. It is highly communicable through human-to-human transmission. China has been making unprecedented efforts in treating the confirmed cases, identifying and isolating their close contacts and suspected cases to control the source of infection and cut the route of transmission. China's devotion in handling this epidemic has effectively and efficiently curbed communication domestically and across the border. Representative measures adopted by Wenzhou, the worst hit city out of Hubei Province, are examined to elucidate those massive undertakings with the aim of enhancing international understanding and building global rapport in fighting this evolving epidemic situation. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Gao et al. et al., [[Efficient management of novel coronavirus pneumonia by efficient prevention and control in scientific manner].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164078), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Choi et al. et al., [Estimating the reproductive number and the outbreak size of Novel Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) using mathematical model in Republic of Korea.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164053), *Epidemiology and health*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Shi et al. et al., [[2019 novel coronavirus, angiotensin converting enzyme 2 and cardiovascular drugs].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32166940), *Zhonghua xin xue guan bing za zhi*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; During major epidemic outbreaks, demand for health care workers grows even as the extreme pressures they face cause declining availability. We draw on Taiwan's SARS experience to argue that a modified form of Traffic Control Bundling protects health care worker safety and by extension strengthens overall COVID-19 epidemic control. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Mizumoto et al. et al., [Estimating Risk for Death from 2019 Novel Coronavirus Disease, China, January-February 2020.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32168464), *Emerging infectious diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Thousands of people in the United States have required testing for SARS-CoV-2. Evaluation for a special pathogen is resource intensive. We report an innovative approach to home assessment that, in collaboration with public health, enables safe evaluation and specimen collection outside the healthcare setting, avoiding unnecessary exposures and resource utilization. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Liu et al. et al., [[Clinical characteristics of 30 medical workers infected with new coronavirus pneumonia].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164090), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; The new coronavirus outbreak gets everyone's attention. China's national actions against the outbreak have contributed great contributions to the world. China has been learning from practice for better reporting and is fast to adapt itself. In this article we discuss China's practice in public reporting and its implications to global health. Confirmed cases, dynamic suspected cases, recovered cases, and deaths have been reported both in accumulative numbers and their daily updates. Some ratio indictors reporting (fatality rate, recovery rate, etc.), trend reporting, and global surveillance have been applied as well. Some improvements can still be made. It is necessary to further explore the influential factors behind the indicators for interventions. Recommendations are made to the World Health Organization and other countries for better public reporting and surveillance. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Not retrieved et al., [[Recommendations on extracorporeal life support for critically ill patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164087), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; On Thursday, 30 January 2020, World Health Organization declared Coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-2019) a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. Since its identification in late December 2019 in Wuhan, Hubei Province, People's Republic of China, the number of cases imported into other countries is increasing, and the epidemiological map is changing rapidly. On the other hand, body temperature screening (fever) is the major test performed at points of entry, i.e., airports, in the returning travelers in most of the countries with limited resources. However, the recent report on asymptomatic contact transmission of COVID-19 and travelers who passed the symptoms-based screening and tested positive for COVID-19 using reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) challenges this approach as body temperature screening may miss travelers incubating the disease or travelers concealing fever during travel. On this note, travel restrictions to and from high risk areas and/or 14 days quarantine of travelers coming from high risk areas are recommended to prevent possible importation of COVID-19. Currently, RT-PCR is a reliable test in detecting both symptomatic and asymptomatic COVID-19. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Not retrieved et al., [[Conventional respiratory support therapy for Severe Acute Respiratory Infections (SARI): Clinical indications and nosocomial infection prevention and control].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164086), *Zhonghua jie he he hu xi za zhi = Zhonghua jiehe he huxi zazhi = Chinese journal of tuberculosis and respiratory diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; A novel betacoronavirus, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), which caused a large respiratory outbreak in Wuhan, China in December 2019, is currently spreading across many countries globally. Here, we show that a TMPRSS2-expressing VeroE6 cell line is highly susceptible to SARS-CoV-2 infection, making it useful for isolating and propagating SARS-CoV-2. Our results reveal that, in common with SARS- and Middle East respiratory syndrome-CoV, SARS-CoV-2 infection is enhanced by TMPRSS2. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Tanne et al. et al., [Covid-19: Trump cancels all flights from Europe, apart from the UK.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32165415), *BMJ (Clinical research ed.)*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Anderson et al. et al., [How will country-based mitigation measures influence the course of the COVID-19 epidemic?](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32164834), *Lancet (London, England)*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Not retrieved et al., [RCVS may relax guidance due to Covid-19.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32165502), *The Veterinary record*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Wang et al. et al., [The establishment of reference sequence for SARS-CoV-2 and variation analysis.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167180), *Journal of medical virology*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Wilson et al. et al., [Case-Fatality Risk Estimates for COVID-19 Calculated by Using a Lag Time for Fatality.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32168463), *Emerging infectious diseases*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; A complete genome sequence was obtained for a severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) strain isolated from an oropharyngeal swab specimen of a Nepalese patient with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), who had returned to Nepal after traveling to Wuhan, China. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Han et al. et al., [A Diabetic Patient With 2019-nCoV Infection Who Recovered and Was Discharged From Hospital.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32168162), *Journal of thoracic imaging*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Poggiali et al. et al., [Can Lung US Help Critical Care Clinicians in the Early Diagnosis of Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pneumonia?](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167853), *Radiology*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Griffith et al. et al., [Using public health law to contain the spread of COVID-19.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167816), *British journal of nursing (Mark Allen Publishing)*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Baig et al. et al., [Evidence of the COVID-19 Virus Targeting the CNS: Tissue Distribution, Host-Virus Interaction, and Proposed Neurotropic Mechanisms.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167747), *ACS chemical neuroscience*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Grasselli et al. et al., [Critical Care Utilization for the COVID-19 Outbreak in Lombardy, Italy: Early Experience and Forecast During an Emergency Response.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167538), *JAMA*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Thompson et al. et al., [What Does the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Mean for Families?](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167533), *JAMA pediatrics*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Matsuyama et al. et al., [Enhanced isolation of SARS-CoV-2 by TMPRSS2-expressing cells.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32165541), *Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Wu et al. et al., [Risk Factors Associated With Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome and Death in Patients With Coronavirus Disease 2019 Pneumonia in Wuhan, China.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167524), *JAMA internal medicine*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; As of 22 February 2020, more than 77662 cases of confirmed COVID-19 have been documented globally with over 2360 deaths. Common presentations of confirmed cases include fever, fatigue, dry cough, upper airway congestion, sputum production, shortness of breath, myalgia/arthralgia with lymphopenia, prolonged prothrombin time, elevated C-reactive protein, and elevated lactate dehydrogenase. The reported severe/critical case ratio is approximately 7-10% and median time to intensive care admission is 9.5-10.5 days with mortality of around 1-2% varied geographically. Similar to outbreaks of other newly identified virus, there is no proven regimen from conventional medicine and most reports managed the patients with lopinavir/ritonavir, ribavirin, beta-interferon, glucocorticoid and supportive treatment with remdesivir undergoing clinical trial. In China, Chinese medicine is proposed as a treatment option by national and provincial guidelines with substantial utilization. We reviewed the latest national and provincial clinical guidelines, retrospective cohort studies, and case series regarding the treatment of COVID-19 by add-on Chinese medicine. We have also reviewed the clinical evidence generated from SARS and H1N1 management with hypothesized mechanisms and latest  
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Casadevall et al. et al., [The convalescent sera option for containing COVID-19.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167489), *The Journal of clinical investigation*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; The outbreak of COVID-19 has spread quickly across 114 countries/territories/areas in six continents worldwide and has been announced as a pandemic by WHO. This study analyzed global COVID-19 epidemiological trends, examined impact of the pandemic on global health security, diplomacy, and social environment in China, and provided short- and long-term strategic policy recommendations for China's subsequent preparedness and responses.
当前全球六大洲、114个国家、领土或地区受到新型冠状病毒肺炎疫情不同程度的影响，WHO已宣布本次疫情构成"全球大流行"。为进一步加强对全球新型冠状病毒肺炎疫情的防控，应对全球疫情升级对中国的挑战，本研究着重回答3个问题：新型冠状病毒肺炎全球流行现状及各国防疫情况；全球疫情对中国影响；中国应对全球疫情的短期预案和中长期策略建议。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Stratton et al. et al., [COVID-19: Not a Simple Public Health Emergency.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167445), *Prehospital and disaster medicine*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp;  
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Stevens et al. et al., [Involving Antimicrobial Stewardship Programs in COVID-19 Response Efforts: All Hands on Deck.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167442), *Infection control and hospital epidemiology*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; The novel coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) infected patients by binding human ACE2, leading to severe pneumonia and highly mortality rate in patients. At present, there is no definite and effective treatment for COVID-19. ACE2 plays an important role in the RAS, and the imbalance between ACE/Ang II/AT1R pathway and ACE2/Ang (1-7)/Mas receptor pathway in the RAS system will lead to multi-system inflammation. Increased ACE and Ang II are poor prognostic factors for severe pneumonia. Animal studies have shown that RAS inhibitors could effectively relieve symptoms of acute severe pneumonia and respiratory failure. The binding of COVID-19 and ACE2 resulted in the exhaustion of ACE2, and then ACE2/Ang (1-7)/Mas receptor pathway was inhibited. The balance of the RAS system was broken, and this would lead to the exacerbation of acute severe pneumonia. Therefore, we speculate that ACEI and AT1R inhibitors could be used in patients with COVID-19 pneumonia under the condition of controlling blood pressure, and might reduce the pulmonary inflammatory response and mortality.
新型冠状病毒通过与人体血管紧张素转化酶2（ACE2）结合感染产生重症肺炎，传染性强，病死率高，目前无确切有效的治疗方式。ACE2是肾素-血管紧张素系统（RAS）的重要组成部分，RAS系统中ACE/Ang II/AT1R通路与ACE2/Ang(1-7)/Mas受体通路失衡将导致多系统炎症。ACE和Ang II升高是重症肺炎的不良预后因素。动物实验结果显示，应用RAS抑制剂可以有效缓解急性重症肺炎症状，缓解呼吸衰竭。新型冠状病毒与ACE2的结合导致ACE2耗竭，ACE2/Ang (1-7)/Mas受体通路受到抑制，RAS系统失衡，使新型冠状病毒肺炎患者病死率升高。因此，在控制血压的情况下，对新型冠状病毒肺炎患者应用ACEI及AT1R抑制剂，有可能减轻患者肺部炎症反应，降低患者病死率。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Long et al. et al., [Effectiveness of N95 respirators versus surgical masks against influenza: A systematic review and meta-analysis.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167245), *Journal of evidence-based medicine*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp;  
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Zhu et al. et al., [Initial clinical features of suspected Coronavirus Disease 2019 in two emergency departments outside of Hubei, China.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167181), *Journal of medical virology*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp;  
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Parodi et al. et al., [From Containment to Mitigation of COVID-19 in the US.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167525), *JAMA*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Infection with 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is mainly transmitted by respiratory droplets, airborne transmission and direct contact. However, conducting bronchoscopy on patients with 2019-nCoV is a high-risk procedure in which health care workers are directly exposed to the virus, and the protection and operation procedures need to be strictly regulated. According to the characteristics of bronchoscopy, it is necessary to formulate the procedure, requirements and precautions when conducting bronchoscopy in the current epidemic situation. Relevant standards for preventing from infections should be strictly implemented in the operation of bronchoscopy. It needs to emphasize that bronchoscopy should not be used as a routine means for the diagnosis of 2019-nCoV infection sampling. The indications for bronchoscopy for other diseases should be strictly mastered, and it is suggested that bronchoscopy should be postponed for those patients who is not in urgent situation.
2019新型冠状病毒（2019 novel coronavirus，2019-nCoV）感染主要通过呼吸道飞沫传播、空气传播及接触传播，结合支气管镜操作的特点，制订了当前疫情下支气管镜诊疗操作的流程、要求及注意事项。进行支气管镜诊疗操作时须严格执行传染病防控相关标准，强调支气管镜检查不作为诊断新型冠状病毒感染采样的常规手段，在按要求做好防护的基础上，严格掌握支气管镜诊疗适应证，如非病情急需，建议暂缓检查。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Lung et al. et al., [The potential chemical structure of anti-SARS-CoV-2 RNA-dependent RNA polymerase.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167173), *Journal of medical virology*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; At the end of December 2019, a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) caused an outbreak in Wuhan, and has quickly spread to all provinces in China and 26 other countries around the world, leading to a serious situation for epidemic prevention. So far, there is still no specific medicine. Previous studies have shown that chloroquine phosphate (chloroquine) had a wide range of antiviral effects, including anti-coronavirus. Here we found that treating the patients diagnosed as novel coronavirus pneumonia with chloroquine might improve the success rate of treatment, shorten hospital stay and improve patient outcome. In order to guide and regulate the use of chloroquine in patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia, the multicenter collaboration group of Department of Science and Technology of Guangdong Province and Health Commission of Guangdong Province for chloroquine in the treatment of novel coronavirus pneumonia developed this expert consensus after extensive discussion. It recommended chloroquine phosphate tablet, 500mg twice per day for 10 days for patients diagnosed as mild, moderate and severe cases of novel coronavirus pneumonia and without contraindications to chloroquine.
自2019年12月，武汉暴发了一种新型冠状病毒（COVID-19）感染，迅速蔓延至我国各省市及全球26个国家，防疫形势十分严峻。但是目前尚无特效药物。磷酸氯喹（简称氯喹）具有广泛抗病毒及抗冠状病毒的作用，临床研究结果显示氯喹或可提高新型冠状病毒肺炎患者的救治成功率、缩短住院时间及改善预后。为指引并规范氯喹在新型冠状病毒肺炎中的使用，广东省科技厅、广东省卫生健康委氯喹治疗新冠状病毒肺炎多中心协作组经充分讨论后，制定本专家共识,对确诊为新型冠状病毒肺炎轻型、普通型和重型患者，排除氯喹禁忌证后，可以使用磷酸氯喹片每次500 mg，2次/d，疗程10 d。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Joob et al. et al., [18F-FDG PET/CT and COVID-19.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32166511), *European journal of nuclear medicine and molecular imaging*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Cárdenas-Conejo et al. et al., [An exclusive 42 amino acid signature in pp1ab protein provides insights into the evolutive history of the 2019 novel human-pathogenic coronavirus (SARS-CoV2).](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167166), *Journal of medical virology*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; A recent epidemic of pneumonia cases in Wuhan China was caused by a novel coronavirus with strong infectivity, the 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). The article provides the pulmonary rehabilitation (PR) methods in the principle of 4S (simple, safe, satisfy, save) for patients with pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus, shows how to establish a ventilative and convectional PR environment to prevent the spread of virus through droplets, how to guide the patients to carry out PR, how to carry out respiratory muscle training, effective cough, expectoration, sneeze, general exercise, digestive function rehabilitation and psychological rehabilitation, and how to clean and disinfect the PR environment.
2019新型冠状病毒（2019-nCoV）感染的肺炎具有高度传染性，本文结合4S（simple，safe，satisfy，save）呼吸康复内容和2019新型冠状病毒肺炎的诊治标准，对2019-nCoV所致的肺炎患者提供可行的呼吸康复指引。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Bwire et al. et al., [Coronavirus disease-2019: is fever an adequate screening for the returning travelers?](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32165854), *Tropical medicine and health*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Respiratory support is a very important technique for saving severe 2019-nCoV pneumonia patients who suffering respiratory failure, which can improve oxygenation, reduce mortality. Therefore, how to reasonable using respiratory support technique is the key point that relating success or failure. In this paper, the authors introduce their experience on treating severe 2019-nCoV pneumonia, it is hopeful for current fighting against 2019-nCoV in China.
呼吸支持技术作为救治重症新型冠状病毒肺炎的有效手段，正确应用会有效改善氧合、降低病死率。但不同呼吸支持技术介入的时机、如何合理应用在一定程度上直接关系到治疗的成败。本文就作者团队临床救治重症新型冠状病毒的经验结合国内外相关研究成果进行阐述，希望对当前救治重症新型冠状病毒有所帮助。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Li et al. et al., [The novel coronavirus outbreak: what can be learned from China in public reporting?](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32166128), *Global health research and policy*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; The new coronavirus pneumonia (NCP), also named as COVID-19 by WHO on Feb 11 2020, is now causing a severe public health emergency in China since. The number of diagnosed cases is more than 40,000 until the submission of this manuscript. Coronavirus has caused several epidemic situations world widely, but the present contagious disease caused by 2019 new coronavirus is unprecedentedly fulminating. The published cohorts of 2019 new coronavirus (n-Cov) are single-center studies, or retrospective studies. We here share the therapeutic experiences of NCP treatment with literature review. Combination of Ribavirin and interferon-α is recommended by the 5(th) edition National Health Commission's Regimen (Revised Edition) because of the effect on Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), and the effectiveness of Lopinavir/Ritonavir and Remdisivir needs to be confirmed by randomized controlled trial (RCT), given the situation of no specific antivirus drug on NCP is unavailable. Systemic glucocorticosteroid is recommended as a short term use (1~2 mg·kg(-1)·d(-1), 3~5 d) by the 5(th) edition National Health Commission's Regimen (Revised Edition) yet RCTs are expected to confirm the effectiveness. Inappropriate application of antibiotics should be avoided, especially the combination of broad-spectrum antibiotics, for the NCP is not often complicated with bacterial infection.
新型冠状病毒肺炎（new coronavirus pneumonia，NCP）正在中国引起严重疫情，截至发稿之日，全国确诊人数已逾4万。冠状病毒已经在全世界范围内引起数次疫情，但此次疫情的来势之迅猛及传染性之强前所未有。我们对引起此次疫情的病原体——2019新型冠状病毒知之甚少，目前在国际上发表的临床研究文章或为单中心研究，或为回顾性分析。我们结合在新冠肺炎一线的救治体会及相关发表的研究成果，给大家分享新冠肺炎的治疗经验。抗病毒药物方面，目前仍无特效药物，利巴韦林和干扰素联合用药由于其治疗中东呼吸综合征（MERS）有效，仍被我国新冠肺炎诊疗方案推荐；洛匹那韦/利托那韦和瑞德西韦的疗效有待随机对照临床试验（randomized controlled trial，RCT）评价；糖皮质激素的短期应用（1~2 mg·kg(-1)·d(-1)，3~5 d）被我国诊疗方案推荐，但仍需RCT进一步证实；本次新冠肺炎合并细菌感染较少，应当避免盲目使用抗菌药物，尤其避免联用广谱抗菌药物。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Bryson-Cahn et al. et al., [A Novel Approach for a Novel Pathogen: using a home assessment team to evaluate patients for 2019 novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2).](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32166310), *Clinical infectious diseases : an official publication of the Infectious Diseases Society of America*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; The recent outbreak of respiratory illness in Wuhan, China is caused by a novel coronavirus, named 2019-nCoV, which is genetically close to a bat-derived coronavirus. 2019-nCoV is categorized as beta genus coronavirus, same as the two other strains-severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV). Antiviral drugs commonly used in clinical practice, including neuraminidase inhibitors (oseltamivir, paramivir, zanamivir, etc.), ganciclovir, acyclovir and ribavirin, are invalid for 2019-nCoV and not recommended. Drugs are possibly effective for 2019-nCoV include: remdesivir, lopinavir/ritonavir, lopinavir/ritonavir combined with interferon-β, convalescent plasma, and monoclonal antibodies. But the efficacy and safety of these drugs for 2019-nCoV pneumonia patients need to be assessed by further clinical trials.
2019新型冠状病毒（2019-nCoV）是武汉不明原因肺炎的致病原。2019-nCoV在遗传学上与一种蝙蝠来源的新型冠状病毒比较接近，与SARS-CoⅤ、MERS-CoV同为β属冠状病毒。目前临床上常用的抗病毒药物，包括神经氨酸酶抑制剂（奥司他韦、帕拉米韦、扎那米韦等）、更昔洛韦、阿昔洛韦、利巴韦林等药物对2019-nCoV均无效，不建议临床应用。目前研究证实可能有效的药物包括：瑞德西韦、洛匹那韦/利托那韦、洛匹那韦/利托那韦联合干扰素-β、恢复期血浆、单克隆抗体。但这些药物在2019-nCoV肺炎患者中的疗效和安全性有待进一步临床实验证实。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Kluge et al. et al., [[Recommendations for critically ill patients with COVID-19].](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32166350), *Medizinische Klinik, Intensivmedizin und Notfallmedizin*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; In December 2019, the outbreak of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Wuhan, China, attracting attention worldwidely. The novel coronavirus has the characteristics of rapid transmission, atypical clinical symptoms, and easy to affect both lungs, leading to missed diagnosis and misdiagnosis, as well as difficult to detection and assessment at early stage. Fever, cough, myalgia, weakness, dyspnea and imagings may be helpful for the early detection of novel coronavirus pneumonia. At the same time, the rate of disease progression, fever, CT manifestations, hypoxia degree, age, basic diseases, and laboratory indicators can also be used to evaluate the severity of the novel coronavirus pneumonia.
2019年12月中国武汉爆发的新型冠状病毒肺炎（2019-novel coronavirus，2019-nCoV）引发了全球广泛关注，新型冠状病毒具有传播速度快，临床症状不典型、双肺易受累等特点，易导致漏诊误诊，早期识别及病情评估困难。发热、咳嗽、肌痛、乏力、呼吸困难等症状及影像学表现可有助于新型冠状病毒肺炎的早期识别。同时病情进展速度、发热情况、CT表现、缺氧程度、年龄、基础疾病、实验室指标等可作为新型冠状病毒肺炎病情程度的评估依据。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Schwartz et al. et al., [Protecting Health Care Workers during the COVID-19 Coronavirus Outbreak -Lessons from Taiwans SARS response.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32166318), *Clinical infectious diseases : an official publication of the Infectious Diseases Society of America*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; At the end of 2019, sporadic and clustered case with "pneumonia of unknown origin" emerged in Wuhan, Hubei province. The causative pathogen was quickly confirmed as "2019-nCoV" . The epidemic soon spread throughout the country and became a pandemic in over a month. Government and medical institutions across the country mobilized all kinds of resources and took a variety of measures to actively treat patients and stop the epidemic. Based on current studies, the author summarized the clinical characteristics and evolution of the novel viral pneumonia, and proposed the key points of diagnosis and treatment, the scientific management of both confirmed and suspected cases, and the scientific management of disease prevention and control.
2019年末湖北武汉，首先发现以"不明原因发热伴肺炎"为主要症状的散发和聚集性病例，经确认是由2019-nCoV新型冠状病毒感染所致，疫情由早期确诊病例逐渐增加到近1个月余全国各省份和其他国家出现蔓延态势。全国各医疗机构、各部门动员力量，采取多种措施，积极救治患者、扼制疫情进展。笔者用现有研究发现和资料，对此新型病毒的特点、对疾病的临床规律和诊疗重点、对确诊和疑似病例的临床科学管理以及对传染病防控的科学管理，进行了总结归纳并提出了思考。. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Gong et al. et al., [Chinas local governments are combating COVID-19 with unprecedented responses - from a Wenzhou governance perspective.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32166600), *Frontiers of medicine*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; Since the first novel coronavirus disease(COVID-19) patient was diagnosed on 20-Jan, about 30 patients were diagnosed in Korea until 17-Feb. However, 5,298 more patient were confirmed until 4-Mar. The purpose is to estimate and evaluate the effectiveness of preventive measures using mathematical modeling.
Deterministic mathematical model(SEIHR) has been established to suit the Korean outbreak. The number of confirmed patients in Daegu and North Gyeongsang Province(Daegu/NGP), the main area of outbreak, were used. The first patient's symptom onset date was assumed on 22-Jan. We estimate the reproduction number(R), and the effect of preventive measures, assuming that the effect has been shown from 29-Feb. or 5-Mar.
The estimated R in Hubei Province was 4.2655, while the estimated initial R in Korea was 0.5555, but later in Daegu/NGP, the value was between 3.4721 and 3.5428. When the transmission period decreases from 4 days to 2 days, the outbreak finished early, but the peak of the epidemic has increased, and the total number of patients has not changed much. If transmission rate decreases about 90% or 99%, the outbreak finished early, and the size of the peak and the total number of patients also decreased.
To early end of the COVID-19 epidemic, efforts to reduce the spread of the virus such as social distancing and mask wearing are absolutely crucial with the participation of the public, along with the policy of reducing the transmission period by finding and isolating patients as quickly as possible through efforts by the quarantine authorities. 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Singhal et al. et al., [A Review of Coronavirus Disease-2019 (COVID-19).](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32166607), *Indian journal of pediatrics*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Ye et al. et al., [[Which sampling method for the upper respiratory tract specimen should be taken to diagnose patient with COVID-19?]](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32166939), *Zhonghua er bi yan hou tou jing wai ke za zhi = Chinese journal of otorhinolaryngology head and neck surgery*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Lee et al. et al., [Interrupting transmission of COVID-19: lessons from containment efforts in Singapore.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167146), *Journal of travel medicine*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
- **2020-03-14, Batlle et al. et al., [Soluble angiotensin-converting enzyme 2: a potential approach for coronavirus infection therapy?](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32167153), *Clinical science (London, England : 1979)*** 
    - &nbsp; &nbsp; None 
 <br><br> 
